Title: 

Perception of conflict in the U.S. and U.K. over the Palestine issue

Research Question:
        How does the use of violence by the actors change the public attitudes towards the Palestine-Israel conflict in the recent Sheikh Jarrah events, comparatively for the U.S. and the U.K. cases?

Method Overview:
        Structural topic modeling (STM)
        Why we use STM?
        Why we could not exercise ideology estimation of Paul Barbera. 

1. Search string (keywords)
    We started with place names.
    Concerning the risk of selection bias, we enlarged the search string by extracting keywords from pro-Israel accounts (Yari Netanyahu).

Our final search string:

    query <- c("israel", "hamas", "jews", "jewish", "palestine", "palestinian", "gaza","quds","jerusalem",  "semitism", "tel aviv", "telaviv", "sheikh jarrah", "sheikhjarrah","jarrah")

2. Turning points by tracing the timeline:

    May 2021 events:
        6 May, tension increases, two civilians were killed by Israel police forces.
        10 May (10:00 pm), Hamas counter-attacks Israel (rockets from Gaza).
        21 May, a ceasefire!

3. Downloading tweets by academictwitteR package
    We needed package for two reasons: time frame and volume of accessible data
    Errors on the twitter side (Christopher Barrie) 
    We run the code for different time ranges, and countries, then merged them all
    Pre-selection of country limited our scope

4. Pre-processing
    Removing punctuations, numbers, symbols, emojis, stopwords, stemming, lowercase
    We divide our sample by two factors: 
        Before and after (11 May: Hamas starts counter-attacks) and 
        US and UK

5. Structural topic modeling (STM)
    STM package
    Model specification
        Trimming the data
            min_docfreq = 0.001, max_docfreq = 0.25
        Number of topics
        Prevalence variables, informing model through meta-data
            model.stm <- stm(
              dfm2stm$documents,
              dfm2stm$vocab,
              K = topic.count,
              prevalence = ~ treshold + US,
              data = dfm2stm$meta,
              init.type = "Spectral")

6. Findings
    Descriptive plots
        topics labels, frequency
    Inferential plots 
        effects of hamas counter-attack, and US-UK comparison
        timely change of topics
    Further speculations and relevant inferences

7. Limitations
    Lack of causal inference, ideology estimation
    Limited number of tweets
    English-speaking contexts other than US and UK


